[IMP] l10n_gt: Add Infile registration form link to documentation (#15291)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/guatemala.rst

- :guilabel:`FACT-Factura with Export Complement`.

The localization requires an `Infile <https://infile.com.gt/>`_ account, which enables users to
generate electronic documents within Odoo. To request your Infile account, you can also fill out 

> the following form: `Infile Registration Form <https://share.hsforms.com/1HksZ6i1VRRWHRhXPvYZORQrwu2r>`_.

Reviewer: We tend to avoid using "you/your" when it's possible.
```suggestion
generate electronic documents within Odoo. To request an Infile account, fill out the `Infile 
Registration Form <https://share.hsforms.com/1HksZ6i1VRRWHRhXPvYZORQrwu2r>`_.
```
